


chapter 1 - most of the subject intro material should be in chapter 2.
You only want the barest basics in chpater 1, basically enough so that
the structure/outline of the thesis make sense.  It's good to say that
hydrogen has an emission line at 21cm that we're going to use to probe
high-z cosmology/star formation.  But details like hyperfine splitting
in 1S state should be in the next chapter.

you never actually define what a corner plot is.  It needs to be in
the text (including what you should learn from them) and explained in
the caption of the first figure that shows corner plots.

chapter 5:

CAPTIONS!!!  They need to stand alone.  e.g. how are figs. 5.2 and
5.10 different? They have identical captions.

"X-ray photons generated by galaxies and quasars are likely the most
important cause of heating the IGM." - is that actually true?

"The safest course of action is to assume that the correlation between
X-ray luminosity and SFR in high redshift is only an extrapolation of
its local format." - is this something you have a reference for?  I
would think it's almost certainly not true, because the primordial
mass function is more strongly weighted to the high end, so I would
have predicted a lot more X-ray production vs. SFR at high-z.  You
have f_x in there, so instead say you're assuming that X-ray
production is proportional to SFR, but that the proportionality
constant may be much larger at high z.

n_ion definition - do you mean # of photons with E>13.6?  If yes, say
so explicitly.

after f_esc definition, is the block of text with eqns 5.2-5.4 a new
paragraph?  If yes you should make the text break clearer and explain
what you're going to explain.  If it's a break, you also need a period
at the end of the f_esc definition.

"(with in the error-bar range)," - why wouldn't it return exactly what
you put in?  You haven't mentioned putting noise in the simulations.

eqn. 5.5 - you've already said you're going to fit these parameters,
you don't need to list them again.

eqn. 5.6 - you don't need to list your covariance matrix.


"As a sanity check, we calculate the mean and standard deviation of
these distribution" and table 5.1 - I don't think you need to include
this.  It's assumed you've done this correctly!  You also don't need
figure 5.2.

Generally, you have a lot more detail than you need in this whole
section. Ask yourself what would be important for you to know about if
you were reading someone else's thesis.  Every debugging step along
the way is too much information.

fig 5.4 - did you remove burn-in?

fig 5.8 - why is this on a log scale?  chi^2 shouldn't need one.


"Performing the chi-square test on our samples showed that the average
difference between the chi-square of drawn samples is 49.20, which we
expected to be 4. Although it is approximately one order of magnitude
bigger that the expectations, it can be still considered a good fit."
you haven't said where the errors come from, so I don't know why you
expect 4, and I don't understand why being off by an order of
magnitude is OK.

" plotting the values of ch-square of" chi, but you should also use
the math symbol ($\chi$)


fig 5.11 - your caption doesn't line up with the figure.

fig 5.14 - I'm rather surprised there's no turn down at high k.  That
suggests your step size is rather large.

"following straight forward equation which comes from the radiometer
equation" - what does it mean for an equation to be straightforward?
It is the radiometer equation, so just say "we use the radiometer
equation (eqn. 5.7) and cite a reference.

"Assuming the bandwidth of 10^6" units?  also, should be "a bandwidth"

"(with half of the actual amplitude) " you need to explain this more.
Dividing by two is pretty extreme, so you should give the reasons why
you chose to do that.

What conclusions can you draw from chapter 5?  You've run a bunch of
chains, but you haven't actually told us what we should take away from
the exercise.  I think for the casual reader, the most interesting
plot would be the best-fit model from ARES for the rescaled EDGES
data, because that will show (I think) that even with the rescaling,
it's hard to reproduce the shape of the EDGES feature.  It's not just
the amplitude which is strange.





