citations citations citations!  It is much harder to go back and add
them then to put them in as you write.

I say this to every thesis draft (and have so far only not made it as
a comment once when I've been an examiner):  captions need to be much,
much longer and more explanatory.  Think of how you read papers - you
read the abstract and look at the figures.  That's why every figure
needs to stand on its own, and the caption needs to explain in detail
what you're looking at, why it's important, and what you should take
away from the figure.


"It has been proven to be one of the only available probes of
large-scale structure" - this isn't true.  currently, other probes
have given us a lot more information on large-scale structure.

"Not very long after the big bang," - please be quantitative

"the universe was composed of huge clouds of gas" - I think at the era
you're thinking about, they weren't clouds as post-CMB density
fluctuations were parts in 10^5

"Neutral hydrogen has a special spin-flip" - some transitions aren't
more special than others.

"emission of a radio signal " - it's a photon

"When the CMB photons redshift through expansion of universe, there
comes a period when they reach wavelengths close to that of hydrogen
intrinsic bands" CMB is blackbody, so there's always 21cm photons at
the current rest frame.

"During this period, hydrogen molecules are able to absorb CMB
photons" ground-state hydrogen can always absorb 21cm photons.  Also,
importantly, these are hydrogen atoms, not molecules.

"From all these experiments, we will specifically talk about two of
them in detail." - which two, and why?


"While neural networks have been shown to be effective..." - text
garbled?  Seems like this is missing earlier text.  And you could do
neural nets with physical parameters.  What I said was that MCMC lets
you map out the full likelihood surface, neural nets are usually
reserved for problems that are too complicated for you to do that.

list of experiments: are these all global signal experiments?  Your
description of prizm, including what the acronym stands for, is wrong.

"Various computational algorithms, including machine learning and
neural networks, have been used to accomplish this task. " -
citations? I'm not familiar with this work.

"This iterative algorithm is based on another gradient decent method
referred to as ”Newton’s method”." - newton's method is not gradient
descent.

"LM is perfectly capable of fitting models with Gaussian-shaped
likelihood spaces. However, it’s abilities are limited when it comes
to more complicated surfaces." - no, it fits just fine (and in fact
it's main reason for existing is fitting non-gaussian surfaces).  It's the
error bars that are wrong.

"The goal of gradient decent algorithms " - no, minimizing chi^2 has
nothing to do with gradient descent.  chi^2 comes from maximizing the
likelihood in the presence of Gaussian errors.  You also need to write
the full expression for chi^2, since errors may well be (in fact are for
21cm) correlated.

"We can also define a diagonal noise matrix N" - it is not necessarily
diagonal!

for your matrix math, use "\left (" etc. in latex instead of just
"(".  That makes the parentheses match the size of the thing they're
next to.  Right now your latexed equations are hard to read, and this
will help.  I'd also recommend writing "A'" instead of "dA(m)/dm".
Just define that first, then the equations will again be much easier
to read.

you might also want to define r=d-A(m) for the math.  

eqn. 4.8 looks wrong to me.

"The first term can simply be neglected due to the following reasons:"
- you can't always neglect it, so please phrase that it's usually safe
to ignore, and that because what we really want is to set the gradient
to zero, it's OK if the curvature is slightly off as long as we get to
the max.

Generally, I think you should be clearer up front that the goal of LM
is to generate a covariance matrix for MCMC.  You do say it, but it's
kind of buried, and it's important to be clear about that in
explaining again why the covariance doesn't need to be perfect.

"The best-fit model is expected to mimic the behavior of data
closely. Therefore, we the residuals must have a small value:" - this
is not always even close to true.

"The diagonal elements of this matrix are simply the inverse of
variance on each parameter" - the thing you have written is the
curvature matrix.

"If calculated correctly, this matrix is always semi-positive
definite."  - why would you ever calculate it incorrectly?
